The person standing in front of you is the owner of the Temple of Heaven
One of a kind.
How dare you insult your country
He Ye Qinglei
Shut up!
Today you dare to say more
Defeat this team and force you to obey the Temple of God
My patience is limited.
The first owner of the Temple of Heaven once left a motto
Lieutenant General of the Temple of God at the county border
Our generation should be honored by mortals
Aspiration to the sky
Column and Ren Tie Gu
I am evil
With Haoran righteousness
Protect the world
mortal body
Wings of the Cloud
Blade Calamity Haoran Righteousness
It's just your mother's shit
Li Tangxuan
And your temples
As long as you do any of the above
I will make you stand and lie to me
But you only deserve to kneel now
Ta Ye Qingmei
Temple of God Fifth Warrior
The so-called brilliant ingenuity
But when he became famous, he forgot his ancestors
revenge
Such foolish and vicious behavior
It is the embodiment of your will to the sky in the temple of heaven
Right?